Added additional steps that must be done if you  are using Umbraco Cloud (#5589)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-cms/tutorials/members-registration-and-login.md

## Member-only pages/Restricted access

{% hint style="info" %} 

> If  you are using Umbraco Cloud then you should first go to Users section in the Backoffice. Then select your User and  add "Sensitive Data" Group to your user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are on Umbraco Cloud you need to do the following steps to be able to restrict access for your users:

1. Go to the Users section in the Backoffice. 
2. Select your User.
3. add the "Sensitive Data" Group. 
```

![Assign User Access group](images/v8-17-Assign-User-Access-Group.png)

> After that swith to the Members section in the backoffice, select each member and approve them by toggling the button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have added the "Sensitive Data" group go to the Members section in the backoffice. In the Members section you need to select each member and approve them by toggling the Approved button.
```

![Approve Member](images/v8-18-Approve-Member.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the users have been approved, you can go ahead and continue the tutorial.
```
